[wrangler] Wrangler pages deployments list - added ID to output (#8641)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/lemon-dragons-glow.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> Wrangler pages deployments list - added ID to output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the Pages deployment id to the JSON output for `wrangler pages deployment list`
```
